[Stacked, 1/2] Adds PhysicsNeMo-Mesh Tessellation utilities (#1711)
NVIDIA/physicsnemo: docs/api/mesh/index.rst

  tangent spaces
- **Mesh operations**: subdivision (linear, Loop, Butterfly), smoothing,
  remeshing, repair
- **Tessellation**: triangulate polygon soups into simplicial meshes (convex

>   fan with an ear-clip fallback for non-convex polygons), e.g. via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fan with an ear-clip fallback for non-convex polygons), for example, using
```
